[vSAN Data-In-Transit Encryption] Documentation for Running Scripting Commands to enable/disable the feature. (#124810)
Azure/azure-content: articles/azure-vmware/configure-vsan.md

1. Check **Notifications** to see the progress.

## Set VMware vSAN Data-In-Transit Encryption

Run the `Set-vSANDataInTransitEncryption` cmdlet to enable or disable data-in-transit encryption for all clusters or specified clusters of a SDDC.

   >[!NOTE]

>    >Changing this setting will cause a performance impact, please refer : Refer : [VMware KB](https://blogs.vmware.com/virtualblocks/2021/08/12/storageminute-vsan-data-encryption-performance/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   >Changing this setting will cause a performance impact. See [VMware KB](https://blogs.vmware.com/virtualblocks/2021/08/12/storageminute-vsan-data-encryption-performance/).
```
